relnote(117): Range is CORS-safelisted request header (#28733)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/configuring_servers_for_ogg_media/index.md

> In order to support seeking and playing back regions of the media that aren't yet downloaded, Gecko uses HTTP 1.1 byte-range requests to retrieve the media from the seek target position. In addition, Gecko uses byte-range requests to seek to the end of the media (assuming you serve the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Length")}} header) in order to determine the duration of the media.

Reviewer: Just in passing

```suggestion
In order to support seeking and playing back regions of the media that aren't yet downloaded, Firefox uses HTTP 1.1 byte-range requests to retrieve the media from the seek target position. 
In addition, it uses byte-range requests to seek to the end of the media (assuming you serve the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Length")}} header) in order to determine the duration of the media.
```
